- [Instructor] To work with flagger,
we'll need to install it and some other components
that it depends upon.
Now before we begin, I just want to caution you
that there's many technologies in the stack
when you're working with flagger.
So, there's going to be quite a few things
that you'll need to setup if you want to follow along.
To help with that, you can use the read me file
inside of the flagger directory
within the environment repository.
Inside of that read me file,
you'll find all of the instructions of what needs
to be setup before you begin the exercise.
Once you've completed all those items,
you can navigate into a terminal where you can begin
the installation.
We'll be using flagger with the nginX ingress controller.
So, let's start by installing the controller.
The controller is installed using helm.
So, the first thing we'll need to do
is add the helm repository.
We're going to install the ingress controller
into its own namespace within the cluster.
So, let's go ahead.
We'll use kubectl to create a new namespace named
ingress-nginX.
After we create the namespace,
we can install the controller into it
and configure the controller to share some metrics
with prometheus.
Okay, we're almost there.
We just need to start the flagger installation.
Flaggers also installed using helm.
So, let's go ahead.
We'll add the repository for flagger.
And then from there we can use the helm chart
to install flagger and to set up some configuration
with prometheus and the nginX ingress controller.
Okay so, there you can see that flagger has been installed
and all of these components should be deployed
onto our cluster running in Azure.
Let's head out there to take a look.
So here within our cluster,
the first thing I'm going to do is take a look
at the workloads.
There you can see that flaggers running on the cluster
and we also have our nginX ingress controller, excellent.
If we take a look at the services and the ingresses,
I want to point one thing out.
You'll notice that the ingress controller
has an external IP.
So we can use that to access the controller.
Now we can associate that public IP with a DNS entry.
To do that, navigate to the resource groups
and then head into the MC underscore
and then your cluster name.
Within this resource group,
we'll find a lot of the networking for the cluster.
You'll notice there is a public IP address.
Go ahead and select this item.
And inside of this item,
we can add a DNS name to the public IP address
for the cluster.
To do that go ahead and click on configuration.
And then inside of the configuration,
you can apply a DNS label.
Now here use your Docker hub ID.
So mine is Kevin Bauersox teach,
and then you can see it's going to suffix the remainder
of the domain onto that DNS label.
Okay so, let's go ahead we'll save it.
And then if we navigate back to the overview,
here we can see the domain.
Go ahead and copy that.
And then what we're going to do is navigate to a new tab.
And within that new tab,
we're just going to paste that domain name
and we can hit the ingress controller to make sure
that it's up and running.
Okay so, we don't have anything running yet on the cluster
that the ingress controller would serve up.
But here's a confirmation that it was successfully deployed.
This sets us up for our next lesson
where we're going to perform a Canary deployment.